ENH: .read_pickle(...) from zip containing hidden OS X/macOS metadata files/folders (#37101)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.2.0.rst

- Improve error reporting for :meth:`DataFrame.merge()` when invalid merge column definitions were given (:issue:`16228`)
- Improve numerical stability for :meth:`Rolling.skew()`, :meth:`Rolling.kurt()`, :meth:`Expanding.skew()` and :meth:`Expanding.kurt()` through implementation of Kahan summation (:issue:`6929`)
- Improved error reporting for subsetting columns of a :class:`DataFrameGroupBy` with ``axis=1`` (:issue:`37725`)

> - :func:`pandas.load_pickle` can now load from ``.zip`` files created by OS X/macOS that contain ``__MACOSX/`` or ``.DS_STORE`` hidden folders/files (:issue:`37098`).

Reviewer: should this be `read_pickle` and also any other `read_*` that supports zip compression? I think it should also be `:func:`read_pickle`` (no `pandas.`)

Author: Yep, you're right. I think that means just `read_csv`, `read_json`, `read_pickle` and `read_table`.

```suggestion
- :func:`read_pickle` (and other `read_*` functions that handle compressed inputs) can now load from ``.zip`` files created by OS X/macOS that contain ``__MACOSX/`` or ``.DS_STORE`` hidden folders/files (:issue:`37098`).
```
